excluded old info and referenced new one (#4730)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/client-management/mdm/management-tool-for-windows-store-for-business.md

## Configure your Azure AD application

> [Here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app) are the steps to configure your Azure AD app. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Quickstart: Register an application with the Microsoft identity platform](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app) for the steps to configure your Azure AD app. 
```

Reviewer 2: @VLG17 - please also remove the "en-us" from the link.

Reviewer 3: @JohanFreelancer9 : Looks like you went a little too far there by cutting `/en-us/azure/` down to only `/zure/` -- you may want to edit that suggestion (unless my page is shown incorrectly at the moment).

Reviewer: @illfated Thank you!
